[Music]
hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're going
to be going through all 20 Marvel movies
leading up to Avengers endgame the only
film not included in this summary is
Captain Marvel as it's not out on
blu-ray yet so I can't use it properly
for summary purposes the summary will be
done in two versions one being
chronologically based off the year that
the film was released and another based
off the title character individual links
for the summaries will be listed in the
cards above and remember to check us out
on Instagram for our various giveaways
so let's get started today we're talking
about the 2008 superhero film Ironman
so let's get started the film opens with
genius billionaire and playboy Tony
Stark owner of Stark Industries a
weapons company and his friend
Lieutenant Colonel James Rhodes
demonstrating a new Jericho missile the
demonstration is ambushed and Stark is
wounded and captured by a terrorist
group the ten rings another prisoner
insin grabs an electromagnet into Tony's
chest to keep shrapnel shards from
reaching his heart the two prisoners
refused to build the Jericho missile in
exchange for freedom and instead build
an arc reactor power source and a suit
of armor to escape their plans are
discovered an instant sacrifices himself
while a suit is completed start battles
his way out of the cave burns the
terrorists weapons and crashes in the
desert destroying the suit after being
rescued by Rhodes Stark announces that
his company will no longer manufacture
weapons Obadiah Stane his father's old
partner in the company's manager advises
stark against this and his home workshop
Stark builds a sleeker more powerful
version of the armored suit as well as a
more powerful arc reactor for his chest
Stark is then informed that his
company's weapons were delivered to ten
rings and are being used to attack Ian's
since home village Stark also learned
Stane is trying to replace him as head
of the company Stark uses his new armor
and saves the villagers while flying
home
is shot by fighter jets reveals his
secret identity de Rodes to end the
attack meanwhile ten rings gather the
prototype suit and meet with stain who
has the group executed state has a
massive new suit engineered from the
wreckage Starck senses assistant Pepper
Potts to hack into stains computer she
discovers stains has been supplying the
terrorists and hired them to kill stark
at the beginning of the film Potts meets
with agent Phil Coulson of shield to
inform him of stains activities stains
scientists cannot duplicate Starks arc
reactor
sothank and fronts stark at his home and
takes the one from his chest
stark replaces it with his original
reactor Potts and shield agents attempt
her arrest stain but he uses the suit
and attacks them stark fights stain but
is outmatched without his new reactor
the fight carries stark and stained the
top the stark industry building and star
construct spots to overload the large
arc reactor powering the building this
unleashes a massive electrical surge
that causes staining his armor to fall
into the exploding reactor killing him
the next day at a press conference
stark Papa Liam it's to being the
superhero Ironman in a post-credits
scene shield director Nick Fury visits
stark at his home wanting to discuss the
Avenger initiative today we're talking
about the 2008 superhero film The
Incredible Hulk an important thing to
note is that there was a 2003 movie
called The Hulk which was not part of
the Marvel Cinematic Universe which this
film actually is also Edward Norton
plays Bruce Banner in this film however
Mark Ruffalo plays Banner in all the
subsequent Marvel films the film opens
at Culver University where general
Thunderbolt Ross meets with dr. Bruce
Banner the colleague and boyfriend of
his daughter Betty to discuss an
experiment that Ross claims is meant to
make humans immune to gamma radiation
the experiment fails and the gamma
radiation causes Banner to turn into the
giant green Hulk whenever he becomes
angry enraged or excited the Hulk
destroys the lab injuring and killing
several people inside Banner becomes a
fugitive and the US military and general
Ross want to weaponize the
process five years later banner works at
a bottling facility in Brazil while
searching for a cure for the Hulk
condition collaborating online with a
man known only as mr. blue banner uses
yoga techniques to try to keep his rage
under control and hasn't transformed in
five months after cutting his finger on
the line and some blood falling into a
bottle an elderly man gets gamma
sickness from drinking a bottle in
Wisconsin
Ross uses that bottle the trackdown
banner sending in a SWAT team led by
emil blonsky
to capture banner banner becomes the
Hulk and defeats the team
Blonsky agrees to be injected with a
small amount of a similar serum to
banners which gives him enhanced
abilities but deforms his skeleton and
impairs his judgment Banner returns to
Culver University and reunites with
Betty who is now dating psychiatrist
Leonard Sam's banners attacked again by
blonsky's team after Samson gave him up
causing him to become the Hulk a battle
takes place outside the university and
Blonsky seems to be killed by the Hulk
who escapes with Betty after becoming
banner Betty and him go on the run and
banner contacts mr. blue who they meet
in New York City mr. blue is actually
cellular biologist dr. Samuel Sterns who
tells banner that he possibly has an
antidote but it only works after each
individual transformation and it is not
permanent
sir however has synthesized a large
amount of banners blood in hopes of
using it for medical purposes but banner
fears the military will use it and wants
to destroy the blood supply meanwhile
Blonsky is revealed to have survived the
battle and is completely healed they try
for a third time to capture banner and
are successful and take betty to Blonsky
order stern to inject him with banners
blood which stearns warns him will cause
him to become an abomination
but Blonsky insists this causes Blonsky
to become a creature much larger and
stronger than the whole but absolutely
insane Blonsky
aka abomination attacks turns causing
him to get some of banners blood into a
cut on his forehead causing stern to
transform as well this is a reference to
the comic book character the leader
abomination rampages through Harlem and
banner is able to convince Ross to
release him as the Hulk is the only one
who
defeat the abomination after a large
battle Blonsky is defeated after a nice
moment with Betty The Hulk flees New
York months later banner is in British
Columbia now able to transform into the
Hulk in a controlled manner in a local
bar we see Tony Stark approaching Ross
telling him that he is putting a team
together the film opens in Russia with a
man named Ivan Vanko seeing the
revelation of Tony Stark is Iron Man who
begins building his own miniature arc
reactor we then transition to six months
later where we see Tony Stark is using
his Iron Man suit for peaceful means
refusing to sell his designs the
Palladium core of Starks arc reactor
however is slowly poisoning him which is
causing him to begin to fear that Stark
makes Pepper Potts the CEO of Stark
Industries and hires Natalie rushman as
his new personal assistant while
competing in the Monaco historic Grand
Prix Stark is attacked by Vanko who has
electric whips powered by his own arc
reactor stark Don's his new mark 5 suit
defeats Evancho but the suit is damaged
Vanko states that he wanted to prove
that Ironman is not invincible after
seeing the fight Starks rival Justin
Hammer helps break venko out of prison
to have him build him a line of suits to
beat start while at what he believes to
be his final birthday Tony gets drunk
while wearing the Iron Man suit Tony's
friend Lieutenant James Rhodes played by
a different actor than the first film
puts on a suit and tries to restrain
Tony Rhodes later takes the suit for the
purpose of the air force Nick Fury the
director of shield approaches start
revealing that his assistant is actually
Natasha Romanov aka Black Widow and that
Tony's father Howard Stark was one of
the founders of shield and that fury
knew him personally
fury explains that Bank was father
worked with Howard Stark to invent the
arc reactor but when vanko's father
wanted to sell it for profit
Howard Stark had him deported and was
sent to prison
thus vanko's vendetta with Tony fury
gives stark some of his father's old
materials including plans for a new
reactor with the help of his computer
Jarvis stark is able to make a new
reactor one that replaces the one that
is poison him at a weapons Expo hammer
unveils vanko's drones led by
lieutenant roads in a heavily weaponized
Iron Man suit Stark arrives later in his
mark six armored to warn roads but Vanko
takes control of both the drones and
roads armor and attacks iron man hammer
is arrested and Romanoff and Stark's
bodyguard happy go after Vanko within
hammers factory Vanko escapes but Rhodes
regains control of his suit together
Rhodes and start defeat Vanko and his
drones
Vanka seems to commit suicide by blowing
up his suit after a debriefing fury
informed stark that because of Starks
difficult personality they would only
use stark as a consultant not as a
member of shield Stark and Rhodes
receive medals for their heroism
in a post-credits scene SHIELD agent
Phil Coulson reports that the discovery
of a large hammer at the bottom of a
crater hinting at the hammer of Thor say
we're talking about the 2011 superhero
film Thor so let's get started the film
opens in 1965 ad were Odin the king of
Asgard is waging war against the frost
giants in their leader lafi to prevent
them from conquering the nine realms
Asgardian warriors defeat the frost
giants and seize their source of power
the film transitions to the present
where Odin's son Thor is preparing to
take over the throne of Asgard but is
interrupted when frost giants attempt to
retrieve their power source against
Odin's order Thor travels to confront
lafi accompanied by his brother Loki
childhood front Seth and a boarders
three Odin must intervene and the
fragile truce between the races is
destroyed
Odin strips Thor of his powers and exile
him to earth as a mortal accompanied by
his hammer Mjolnir now protected by an
enchantment that allows only the worthy
to lifted Thor lands in New Mexico where
dr. Jane Foster
Darcy Lewis and dr. Erik Selvig find him
SHIELD agent Phil Coulson commandeer as
the hammer Thor attempts to retrieve it
but he finds himself unable to lift it
he accepts his exile on earth and
develops a romance with Jane meanwhile
locally he discovers that he's the
office unn
by Odin after the war ended Loki seizes
the throne what Odin is in a deep sleep
and offers lafi the chance to kill Odin
SIF and the Warriors three attempt to
return Thor from exile
Loki sends a massive warrior called the
destroyer to pursue them the destroyer
attacks and defeats the Warriors
prompting Thor to offer himself instead
the war sacrifice proves him worthy to
wield Mjolnir the hammer returns to him
restoring his powers and enabling him to
defeat the destroyer
kissing Jane goodbye and vowing to
return he and his fellow Asgardian sleep
to confront Loki Loki betrays and kills
lafi revealing his true plan was
destroyed the frost giants world to
prove himself worthy to Odin Thor
arrives to stop Loki's plan and ends up
stranding himself at Asgard Odin awakens
and refuses to give Loki approval
prompting him to fall into an abyss on
earth Jane and her team search for a way
to open a portal to Asgard
in a post-credits scene Nick Fury as
salving to study a mysterious cube
shaped object the film begins in 1942
with Nazi officer Johann Schmidt and his
men entering into a German occupied
Norwegian town looking for a mysterious
relic known as the tesseract which is
said to have untold powers at the same
time Steve Rogers endless in the US
military
despite his various health and physical
problems with the help of his friend
Bucky and dr. Abraham Erskine Rogers is
put into an experimental super soldier
program and it is revealed that the Nazi
officer Schmidt underwent an earlier
version of this procedure having some
serious side effects
Rogers undergoes the procedure becoming
significantly more muscular and strong
back in Europe Schmidt and dr. Zola
begin to use the power of the tesseract
in order to try to take over the world
Schmidt discovers dr. Erskine location
and has an assassin aided right after he
completed Rogers procedure
Roger captures the assassin but the
assassin commits suicide in order to
avoid interrogation with Erskine dead
the super-soldier formula
lost with his new powers Rogers is sent
to tour the nation in a colorful costume
given the title Captain America and is
told to promote war bonds while visiting
Italy Rogers finds out that his friend
Bucky's unit went missing in a battle
against Schmidt's forces Rogers teams up
with a British agent Peggy Carter and
the engineer Howard Stark
whose side note is Tony Stark's aka Iron
Man's father
Rogers infiltrates the fortress of
Schmidt's Hydra organization and frees
Bucky and the other prisoners Rogers
battles against Schmidt who has a Red
Skull like face underneath his mask
giving him the title the Red Skull
Schmidt is able to escape and Rogers
returns the soldiers Rogers and the
soldiers attack several known Hydra
bases using advanced equipment supplied
by Howard Stark including a circular
shield made of vibranium a nearly
indestructible metal Rogers is able to
capture dr. Zola but during the capture
Bucky falls from the Train and appears
to be dead from dr. Zola's information
Rogers locates the final Hydra base and
Rogers stop Schmidt aboard a plane from
using the tesseract to cause massive
casualties all over the world the
container for the tesseract is damaged
and Schmidt physically touches the
tesseract causing him to dissolve into
bright light the tesseract Falls and
burns through the floor of the plane
into the ocean Rodgers crashes the plane
into the Arctic in order to prevent the
onboard payload from possibly hurting
anyone else
stark recovers the tesseract from the
ocean floor and the wreckage and Rogers
are unable to be located so Rogers is
presumed dead
Rogers awakens in a 1940s style hospital
room but soon realizes that something is
wrong and rushes out of the hospital
right into present-day Times Square the
shield director Nick Fury then informs
Rogers that he has been asleep for
nearly 70 years
in a post-credits scene we see fury and
Rogers discussing possible future
missions that will affect the entire
world
get started let's do a quick rundown of
the Avengers team Tony Stark aka Iron
Man he's a billionaire genius that has
no actual powers but incredibly advanced
technology that helps him fight bad guys
Thor
aka pretty boy from Asgard the god of
thunder who carries a hammer that cannot
be moved Bruce Banner aka the Hulk
a scientist that when he gets angry
becomes a massive green creature that is
nearly invincible Steve Rogers aka
Captain America a genetically enhanced
man from the 1940s that was frozen for
70 years and is sometimes a bit of out
of touch with modern times Clint Barton
aka Hawkeye a new character to the
modern Marvel movie universe who does
not have his own individual movie and
frankly no one really cares about him
hawkeye's weapon of choice is a bow and
arrow but does not have any real
specific superpowers Natasha Romanoff
aka Black Widow honestly safer maybe
pretty boy Thor she's the best looking
member of the Avengers she also does not
have her own movie but I'd definitely
watch it if she did she's a highly
trained former Soviet spy who is a
master assassin and seductress Nick Fury
while not an actual Avenger he is the
director of shield an organization that
is sort of like a souped-up CIA that
sometimes uses superheroes the avengers
work as a part of shield now that we've
explained who is part of the team let's
get to the story the movie begins with
Thor's not-so-nice brother Loki Loki
meets a character called the other who
is the leader of an alien race known as
the Chitauri if Loki gets an object
called the tesseract from shield and
gives it to the other the other will
give Loki an army capable of taking over
earth the tesseract has been seen in
quite a few other Marvel movies
especially in the first Captain America
movie I will be doing a summary of those
movies explaining the history a bit more
so make sure to check them out the
tesseract is an infinity stone for more
in-depth explanation of what Infinity
stones are check out my guardians of the
galaxy movie summary the main thing to
know about the tesseract is it's a cube
of great power and the other wants it so
he can give it to his master
Thanos nearly all of the recent Marvel
movies at least on some level have been
influenced by Thanos but we only have
seen glimpses of him Thanos is gonna be
playing a big role in the future and his
desire to get his hands on the Infinity
stones is very important loki breaks
into the shield headquarters and ends up
capturing the tesseract as well as mind
controlling a good amount of shield
scientists including dr. Erik Selvig the
professor from the Thor movies as well
as Hawkeye Nick Fury escapes this attack
and works to get the Avengers together
which does take a bit of convincing the
mind controlled
Hawkeye ends up stealing iridium that is
needed to stabilize the tesseract while
at the same time
Loki makes a very loud and obvious
distraction Loki is captured by the
Avengers and taken to shield ship known
as the Helicarrier however the tesseract
is still hidden away from the Avengers
after some investigating the Avengers
learned that shield wants the tesseract
cube so they can weaponize it which
starts a big argument between the agents
of shield and the members of the
Avengers while arguing the mind
controlled Hawkeye and several others of
Loki's crew attacked the Helicarrier a
big fight breaks out Loki escapes and
Hawkeye is knocked unconscious which
breaks him from his mind control the
Avengers attempt to recover while Loki
puts the final parts of his plan into
action the still mind controlled dr.
Selvig has set up the tesseract on the
roof of a building in New York City
which he uses to open a massive wormhole
from the wormhole a giant army of
Chitauri pours in the same army that the
other promised to Loki for capturing the
tesseract
a huge fight breaks out between Loki's
army and the Avengers the US government
attempts to use a nuclear missile to
destroy the whole city of New York in
order to prevent the attack from
spreading but iron man takes the missile
through the wormhole causing it to
detonate on the other side in a galaxy
far away the explosion causes the
wormhole to close and Iron Man falls
back to earth Loki is defeated in a
rather brutal way by the Hulk and then
Thor takes both Loki and the tesseract
back to Asgard the film opens with Tony
Stark remembering a New Year's Eve party
in 1999 where he met scientist Maya
Hansen the inventor of extremists an
experimental regenerative treatment
which would allow recovery from
crippling injuries disabled scientists
aldrich killian offers them a place in
his company advanced idea mechanics but
stark rejects the offer humiliating
Killian many years later six months
after the events of the first Avengers
film Stark is suffering panic attacks
based on alien invasions meanwhile a
string of bombings occurs from the
terrorists known as the Mandarin stark
security chief happy is badly injured in
an attack which causes Stark to issue a
threat to the Mandarin who responds by
destroying Starr's home with helicopter
gunships Maya Hansen who came to warn
Stark who survives along with Stark and
his girlfriend and CEO of Stark
Industries Pepper Potts Stark begins to
investigate in order to find the
Mandarin with the help of a young boy
named Harley Stark discovers that the
bombings were actually caused by a jaded
veterans exposed to extremis which
causes some of the subjects to explode
these explosions are being used to cover
up the flaws with extremel drift Kilian
has been manipulating intelligence
agencies to war lieutenant Rhodes the
former war machine now known as the iron
patriot in order to steal his armor
Harley helped Stark track down the
Mandarin to Miami and infiltrates his
headquarters Stark realizes however that
the Mandarin is actually an actor who is
hired to play a character and has no
idea that the recordings he's been
making had been used to show him as a
terror
Kilian reveals that he is truly the
Mandarin and he has been using the
extremists project to cure himself in
other veterans stark is captured and
Killian injects pepper with the
extremists formula in order to get Stark
to fix extremities flaws and also to
save pepper Hanson has a change of heart
and tries to stop Killian
however Killian ends up killing her
Stark escapes and reunites with Rhodes
discovering that Killian intends to
attack the President on Air Force One
Stark saves some of the passengers and
crew but the president is captured and
Killian plans to kill him live on
television the vice president would
become the puppet president as Killian
says he will cure the vice president's
daughters disability Killian is traced
to a damaged oil tanker and Stark goes
to save Pepper while road saves the
president Stark summons drone Iron Man
suits to provide air support to Rhodes
as he transports the president Stark
discovers that Pepper did survive the
extremis procedure but the oil rig
begins to collapse and she falls to what
seems like her death stark confronts
Killian and traps him in an Iron Man
suit sets to self-destruct but it fails
to kill Killian Pepper who survived the
fall due to her extremities intervenes
and is able to kill Killian
Stark has Jarvis remotely destroy all of
his Iron Man suits as a sign of devotion
to pepper and the Vice President and the
actor pretending to be the Mandarin are
both arrested Stark is able to stabilize
peppers extremis effects and Stark has
the shrapnel near his heart removed he
throws his now obsolete arc reactor into
the sea saying that he will always be
the Iron Man in a post-credits scene we
see stark waking up dr. Bruce Banner aka
the Hulk
[Music]
hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 2013 superhero film Thor the
dark world so let's get started in the
past Bor father of Odin clashes with the
Dark Elf monkey who seeks when we show
up and known as the aether on the nine
realms after conquering his forces Bohr
safeguards the aether within a stone
column unknown to war mal Keith and a
handful of Dark Elves escaped into
suspended animation and present-day
Asgard Loki is imprisoned for his war
crimes on earth the Asgardian learned
the convergence a rare alignment of the
nine realms is imminent at portals
linking the worlds appear at random in
London dr. Jane Foster and Darcy Lewis
travelled to him banded Factory where
such portals have appeared Jane is
teleported into another world where she
is infected by the aether Thor brings
her to Asgard were ordered warrants of
the aether heralds of catastrophe
prophecy L Keith awakened by the
Aether's release attacks Asgard
Thor's mother Frigga is killed
protecting Jane and the Dark Elves flee
Thor enlist the help of Loki to use a
portal to confront Belle Keith as Mel
Keith draws a throw to Jane Thor
attempts to destroy it
buffet 'ls while Keith merges with
aether and leaves Loki is fatally
wounded Thorin Jane discover portal in a
nearby cave and reunite in London with
Darcy and dr. Erik Selvig they learned
that Mel Keith's plan is to restore the
Dark Elves Thor battles malkia through
various portals and across multiple
worlds until one portal separates them
leaving milky fun imposed on earth Thor
returns in time to help transport mal
Keith away from earth where he is
crushed by his own damn
ship Thor returns to Asgard where he
declines Odin's offered to take the
throne and tells Odin of Loki sacrifice
as he leaves
Odin his form transforms into Loki who
is alive and impersonating Odin an amid
credit scene we see the collector
collecting Infinity stones it is
revealed that the aether is an infinity
stone and Asgard has an infinity stone
name - tesseract
in a post-credits scene Jane and Thor
reunite on earth while Frost master
continues to run amok the film takes
place two years after the events of the
first Avengers film which if you haven't
seen check out my summary Steve Rogers
aka Captain America is working for the
government agency shield under director
Nick Fury Rogers and agent Natasha
Romanov aka Black Widow are sent to save
hostages aboard a shield boat that has
been taken over by mercenaries Rogers
discovers that Romanoff has another job
however to extract data from the ship's
computer for fury Rogers confronts Fury
later about this where Fury reveals a
plan to build three massive helicarriers
equipped with advanced weaponry and spy
devices to try to preemptively destroy
any threat through a project known as
project insight fury however is unable
to decrypt the recovered data and become
suspicious of project insight Fury is
later ambushed by a group led by a
mysterious assassin known as the Winter
Soldier fury escapes and finds Rogers
telling him that Shield has been
compromised
after giving Rodgers a flash drive
containing some data from the ship fury
is gunned down by the Winter Soldier
fury later dies in surgery and Rodgers
is called into the shield headquarters
the next day to try to find out what
information he was given when Rogers
refuses to give up the information
however he is hunted down by a group
known as strike Rogers meets up with
Romanoff and using the flash drive they
discover a secret shield bunker which
has a supercomputer containing the
preserved consciousness of dr. Zola one
of hydras leaders from the first film
dr. Zola reveals that Hydra has been
slowly infiltrating shield and
convincing the world to give up their
freedoms for a sense of security
allowing Hydra to become more
and more powerful a missile is fired at
the bunker which Rogers and Romanoff
narrowly escaped and the two realized
that Alexander Pierce shield senior
official is also hydras leader Rogers in
Romanoff enlists the help of Sam Wilson
aka Falcon the three find out that dr.
Zola developed an algorithm to identify
who might become a future threat to
Hydra and we use the insight
helicarriers and their massive weapon
arsenal to eliminate these threats the
group is ambushed by the Winter Soldier
who Rodgers realizes is actually Bucky
Barnes his friend from the first film
Barnes was captured and experimented on
after World War Two and became the
Winter Soldier the three are brought to
a safe house where Nick Fury is having
faked his death for a plan to sabotage
the helicarriers by replacing their
computer chips during an important
meeting Rodgers broadcasts hydras secret
plans to everyone at the shield
headquarters Romanoff is able to disarm
Pierce and fury forces peers to unlock
the database so they can expose Hydra to
the public
eventually fury kills Pierce Rogers and
Wilson storm to helicarrier's and
replace their control chips but the
Winter Soldier destroys Wilson's flight
suit and fights with Rogers aboard the
third carrier Rogers is able to put the
new controller into the final ship and
shield uses this to have the carrier's
destroy each other
Rogers refuses to fight the Winter
Soldier in order to reach out to his
longtime friend the ship they are aboard
crashes into the shield headquarters in
Rogers is thrown into a river
unconscious the Winter Soldier rescues
Rogers and disappears into the woods
showing Rodgers did reach out to his old
friend Bucky Rogers and Wilson decide to
pursue the Winter Soldier as the film
ends while fury goes to find the
remaining Hydra cells in Eastern Europe
there are two additional scenes during
the credits the first shows Hydra leader
Baron Strucker finding an energy filled
scepter the one
that we see Loki use during the Avengers
film as well as two prisoners one with
SuperSpeed and one with telekinetic
powers these two are siblings that we
see in the Avengers second film known as
Quicksilver and the Scarlet Witch who
are also Magneto's children the second
scene shows the Winter Soldier at a
memorial for Bucky Barnes who the Winter
Soldier actually is at the Smithsonian
Institute
Peter Jason quill aka star-lord shortly
after his mother's death in 1988 he is
kidnapped and raised by a group of space
pirates known as the Ravan Jers the film
opens on Peter stealing an orb which
takes place 26 years after his abduction
Peter is a goofy and charismatic
smuggler who is a bit of a jerk at times
and doesn't have any trouble with the
ladies remind you of anyone
yondu yondu is the leader of the
Ravagers a group of ruthless space
thieves and smugglers yondu raised peter
after abducting him bringing him into
the life of space crime yondu carries of
special arrow on his hip that he can
control by simply whistling working as a
very effective and deadly weapon after
hearing that Peter stole the orb in the
opening of the movie
yondu places a bounty on Peters head in
order to steal the orb for himself Nova
prime irani rayel Nova prime is the
leader of the Nova corpse the central
good-guy government seen in the film
the Nova corpse home planet is Xander
which is also the same planet where
Peter intends to sell the orb that he
stole the Nova corpse is at war with the
cream which is led by the fanatic Ronan
the accuser Ronan is the main antagonist
of the film and as a member of the Kree
race Ronan is a fanatic who defied the
treaty between the Kree and the Nova
Empire and is hell-bent on destroying
the planets and our Ronan wants the orb
so he can trade it to Thanos in order to
receive Thanos aid in the destruction of
Xander
Ronan's primary weapon is a large hammer
and also has his own ship known as the
dark aster and a sizeable fleet
nebula nebula is the adopted daughter of
Thanos and the adoptive sister of Gamora
she is a cyborg incapable of repairing
herself and is loyal to Ronan Gamora
Gamora is the adopted daughter of Thanos
and the adoptive sister of nebula at the
beginning of the film she is sent by
Thanos to aid Ronan and is tasked with
stealing the or Gamora decides to betray
both her father and Ronan and plans on
stealing the orb for herself to sell to
a buyer for an obscene amount of money
Gamora is a skilled and deadly warrior
though Peter does try frequently to
flirt with her Rocket Raccoon and Groot
rocket racoon is the result of illegal
genetic experimentation resulting in
rocket being a very intelligent and
skilled fighter and is also capable of
designing complex weapons and technology
there is a tree-like creature who is
only capable of saying
together rocket and Groot work as bounty
hunters and try to catch Peter for the
reward that yondu put on his head Drax
the destroyer Drax is an incredibly
powerful and strong fighter but he is
completely literal and has no
understanding of euphemisms social cues
or satire Drax's entire family was
killed by Ronan and vows to get revenge
and now on to the story after stealing
the orb Peter lands on the planet Xander
in order to sell the orb to his black
market dealer shortly after arriving
peter is intercepted by Gamora who wants
to steal the orb for herself Peter and
Gamora break into a fight when Groot and
Rocket identified Peter and noticed that
he has a bounty on his head
Groot and Rocket jump into the fight in
order to capture Peter themselves after
causing a considerable amount of damage
all four of them are arrested and sent
to the Clin a high-security outerspace
prison when they arrived at the Clin
Gamora explains the group that she was
going to sell the orb for a massive
amount of money after a bit of arguing
Peter convinces the team to work
together to break out of the prison and
split the earnings from selling the orb
while in prison they meet Drax whose
entire family was killed by Ronan and
wants revenge
Drax teams up with the main group in
hopes that he will have the opportunity
to kill Ronan the team devises an
elaborate plan involving disabling the
gravity of the prison and successfully
escapes afterwards they travel to meet
gamora's buyer on a massive floating
head known as nowhere nowhere is a CD
mining community with virtually no laws
Peter and Gamora meet up with the
collector there who reveals to them the
true purpose of the orb
my new friends before creation itself
there were sixteen year old into
existence and the remnants of the system
were forged into concentrated ingots the
Infinity stone contains a massive amount
of energy and can only be wielded by
beings of superior power however one of
the slaves tries to take the stone in
defiance of him and explodes on contact
after realizing the stones importance
Gamora and Peter decide to take the
stone to the Nova Corps so could be kept
out of the hands of dangerous
individuals such as Ronan but while
Peter and gomorrah were dealing with the
stone in the collector Drax made contact
with Ronan in a foolish attempt to kill
him
Ronan arrives on nowhere with his entire
fleet and at the same time
yondu his track down Peters location and
a huge fight breaks out between all
three sides after a lot of shooting
flying and chasing eventually the team
is defeated and they lose the stone to
Ronan Gamora and Peter are left stranded
floating in outer space with only
seconds to live in a moment of
desperation
Peter reaches out to yondu who ends up
saving them from the cold and oxygen
l'espace aboard the dark aster Ronan who
has now realized what the orb actually
contained decides to take the Infinity
stone for himself and places it into his
hammer fanless is furious at Ronan's
betrayal but Ronan vows that he will
destroy the planet Xander and afterwards
he will go kill thanos we now go back to
yondu ship where shortly after
recovering from the oxygen l'espace
Peter and Gamora are interrogated by
yondu after some threatening and
fighting peter convinces yondu in the
Ravagers to team up with the guardians
in order to get the stone back from
Ronan
the deal is yondu and his men will help
the guardians so long as yondu gets the
infinity stone when the battle is over
Peter contacts the Nova Corps on Xandar
to alert them of Ronan's attack and also
to let them know that the Ravagers will
be helping protect the planet
Ronan ship arrives at the planet Xander
along with a massive fleet of Kree
fighter ships while the rav endures and
the Nova Corps fight the fleet from the
outside
Peter Drax Groot and Gamora punch a hole
in the dark aster and enter in on foot
rocket on the other hand remains on the
outside of the dark aster in order to
help fight from his ship the Guardians
fight their way through the inside
defeating nebula and Ronan soldiers
eventually the Guardians reach Ronan
bronan coupled with the power of the
Infinity stone clearly has the upper
hand it seems as though all hope is lost
for the Guardians
however while monologuing about his
superior power rocket crashes his ship
through a window hitting Ronan and
causing the dark aster to fall out of
the sky as the dark aster is plummeting
to earth
GRU creates a protective wood ball
around the group which will kill him but
protect the others after the ship
crashes a huge wave of destruction
occurs crushing buildings and a good
portion of the city the group has
survived except for Groot but
unfortunately so did Ronan once again
Ronan being the high end mighty fanatic
starts monologuing about how you will
destroy Xandar Peter sees this as a
great opportunity to create a
distraction
smithee's words Oh things are gonna get
easier
Oh child things will get brighter bring
it down hard what are you doing
dance-off fro me and you come on
so take it back what are you doing I'm
distracting you you big turd blossom
Peter grabs the stone and the Guardians
all work together to utilize the power
of the Infinity stone and finally defeat
Ronan
after Ronan is destroyed the Guardians
strapped the stone in a container only
to be immediately surrounded by yondu in
the Ravagers yondu takes the container
and leaves the guardians as yonder is
leaving he mentions to one of his crew
how the Ravagers were originally hired
to pick up Peter and bring Peter to his
dad this possibly could be a plot point
for the next movie Peter reveals however
that he switched the container on yondu
giving onto a troll doll while giving
the real infinity stone to the Nova
Corps to be locked away and protected as
a reward for their service the Nova
Corps expunges all of the guardians
criminal records aboard the ship we see
that a small twig from Groot that rocked
it had saved actually turned out to stow
be alive indicating that we will most
likely see Groot again the guardians fly
off to start on some other new adventure
after the credits on know where we see
the collector still damaged and heard
from earlier being taunted by Howard the
Duck film opens with the Avengers
raiding a Hydra facility in segovia
commanded by Baron Wolfgang von Strucker
who has been experimenting on humans
using the scepter previously wielded by
Loki they encounter test subject spear
Joe and Wanda Maximoff who are
Quicksilver and Scarlet Witch as well as
apprehending Strucker and Loki scepter
as a quick side note these are actually
the kids of magneto from the x-men
universe but due to licensing issues
they cannot refer to this stark and
banner The Hulk discovered artificial
intelligence within the scepters gem and
secretly use it to complete Starks
Ultron global defense program it creates
a sentient being who believes he must
eradicate humanity to save earth it
destroys Starks AI Jarvis and attacks
the Avengers at their headquarters
Ultron escapes with the scepter and uses
the resources at the Hydra base to
upgrade his body and build an army of
robot drones having killed Strucker he
recruits the maximum of siblings and
sets off to a pain run Khanda vibranium
the Avengers arrive and attack Ultron
but the Scarlet Witch subdues them with
haunting visions the team goes into
hiding in a safehouse
from the visions Thor departs to consult
dr. Erik Selvig on the meaning of the
apocalyptic future he saw in his
hallucination Nick Fury arrives and
encourages the rest of the team not to
break part and a form a plan to stop
Ultron meanwhile Ultron forces the teens
friend dr. Helen Cho to use her
synthetic tissue technology together
with the vibranium and the scepters gem
to perfect a new body for him as Ultron
uploads himself into the body
The Scarlet Witch reads his mind
discovering his plan for human
extinction the Maximoff siblings turn
against Ultron some of the team fine
Ultron and retrieve the synthetic body
the Ultron captures Black Widow the team
fight amongst themselves while Stark
secretly uploads Jarvis who hid from
Ultron inside the internet into the
synthetic body Thor returns to help
activate the body explaining that the
gem on its brow is one of the six
Infinity stones and was part of his
vision this vision and the maximal
siblings accompany the Avengers return
to sokovia where Ultron has used the
remaining vibranium to build a machine
to lift the large part of the capital
skyward intending to crash it into the
ground to cause global extinction banner
rescues Black Widow why the Avengers
fight Ultron's army fury and others
evacuate civilians Quicksilver dies when
he shields Hawkeye from gunfire an
eventual Scarlet Witch abandons her post
to destroy Ultron's primary body which
allows one of his drones to activate the
machine the city plummets
but Stark and Thor overload the machine
and shatter the landmass and the
aftermath the Hulk departs while the
vision confronts Ultron's last remaining
body later the avengers establish new
base Thor returns to Asgard stark leaves
Hawkeye retires and Captain America with
Black Widow prepared to train new
Avengers an amid credit scene we see
that us failed to retrieve the Infinity
stones for himself hinting at the next
Avengers film
oh and welcome to another episode of muy
spoiler alerts today we are talking
about the 2015 superhero film ant-man so
let's get started in 1989 scientist Hank
Pym resigns from shield after
discovering their attempt to replicate
his ant-man shrinking technology
believing the technology is dangerous
Pym vows to hide it as long as he lives
in the present-day PIMs daughter hope
van Dijk and former Protege Darren cross
have forced him out of his company Pym
technologies cross is close to
perfecting a shrinking suit of his own
the yellow jacket which horrifies Pym
upon his release from prison Scott Lang
moves in with his old cellmate Lois Lane
visits his daughter and his chastised by
his former wife and her police officer
fiance taxon for not providing child
support unable to hold a job laying
agrees to join Louis's crew Lane breaks
into a house and cracks it safe but only
finds what he believes to be an old
motorcycle suit after trying the suit on
laying shrinks himself to the size of an
insect terrified by the experience he
returns the suit to the house but as
arrested on the way out him the
homeowner visits Lang in jail and
smuggles the suit into a cell to help
him break out Pym manipulated Lane
through an unknowing Lewis and de
stealing the suit as a test and wants
Ling to become the new ant-man to steal
the yellowjacket hope and pen train Lang
to fight and control ants Pym warns Lang
that he could disappear into a subatomic
quantum realm like his wife the wasps
did if he overrides the suits regulator
they send him to steal a device from the
avengers headquarters where he briefly
fights Sam Wilson cross perfects the
Yellow Jacket and hosts an unveiling
ceremony at Pym technologies
lang along with the crew and a swarm of
flying ants and filtrate the building
during the event sabotage the company's
servers and plant explosives when he
attempts to steal the yellowjacket they
are all captured by cross who intends to
sell both the yellowjacket and ant-man
suza Hydra Langan hope break free to
take out most of the Hydra agents
although one flees with a vial of
crosses particles and PIM is shot lang
pursues cross while the explosives
detonate and floating the building as
PIM and hope escape cross wearing the
Yellow Jacket attacks Lang before Lang
is arrested by PacSun cross takes the
Lang's daughter hostage she lured him
into another fight lang overrides the
regulator and shrinks to some atomic
size the penetrate crosses suit and
sabotage it to strength uncontrollably
killing cross Lang disappears into the
quantum realm but manages to reverse the
effects out of gratitude packs and
covers four legs to keep him out of
prison
seeing that laying survived the quantum
realm Tim wonders if his wife is alive
as well later Lang meets up with Lois
who tells him that Wilson is looking for
him and a mid-credits scene PIM shows
hope a new wasp prototype suit and
offers it to her in a post-credits scene
Wilson and Steve Rogers have Bucky
Barnes in custody unable to contact Tony
Stark because of the Accords Wilson
mentions that he knows someone who could
help the film opens in 1991 with
brainwashed soldier Bucky Barnes aka the
Winter Soldier being dispatched by Hydra
in a base in Siberia to intercept a car
carrying a case of Super Soldier Serum
and also killing the vehicles occupants
the film transitions to present-day
approximately one year after defeating
Ultron in sokovia the Avengers are
chasing after Brock rumlow we stole a
biological weapon from a lab in Lagos
after some chasing rumlow blows himself
up with a suicide vest and Wanda tries
to displace the blast and ends up
destroying a nearby building killing
several wakandan humanitarians
the Secretary of State informs the
Avengers that the UN is preparing to
pass the sokovia accords which ideally
will make the Avengers overseen by a UN
panel the Avengers are divided on the
issue Tony Stark feels that they do need
some oversight especially after he was
approached by a mother of a boy who was
killed an attack that the Avengers were
involved in Captain America however
feels that they will become puppets of
the government and the Avengers should
be acting on
their own supervision some Avengers
attend the signing of the accords in
Vienna which are bombed and many are
killed including the king of Wakanda
security footage reveals the bomber to
be Bucky Barnes and the wakandan Prince
T'Challa
vows to kill Bucky Captain America
discovers Bucky's location and tries to
bring him in as they are childhood
friends T'Challa
also known as the Black Panther also
tracks down Bucky and a massive fight
breaks out in Bucharest and eventually
Captain America Bucky and the Black
Panther are all arrested a man who is
later revealed to be Helmut Zemo finds
Bucky's old Hydra handler and steals the
phrase book that is used to activate
Bucky's brainwashing Zemo is able to get
into the facilities where Barnes is held
and recites the words to activate Bucky
he then questions Bucky to find the
location of the other brainwashed super
soldiers
he sends Bucky on a rampage to try to
cover his tracks
a fight breaks out and eventually Bucky
regains his senses
Bucky explains that Zemo was the real
bomber in Vienna and has disguised
himself as Bucky however the Avengers
don't get the approval to track down
Zemo so Falcon Bucky and Captain America
decide to pursue him along with the help
of Wanda Hawkeye and ant-man Stark puts
his own team together to recapture Bucky
and the rogue Avengers with Starks team
consisting of Black Widow Black Panther
war machine vision and spider-man a big
fight breaks out at an airport and
eventually Bucky and Captain America are
able to escape the others are captured
and sent to jail except Black Widow and
war machine as paralysed Stark finds
evidence however the Zemo was behind the
bombings and travels to where Bucky and
Captain America are heading they all
three arrived where the super soldiers
have been in stasis and discovers that
Zemo has shot and killed them all it is
revealed that zimos entire family was
killed in sokovia during the events of
the second Avengers movie and he has
been plotting to pit all the Avengers
against one another so they would
destroy each other this is when Zemo
reveals that back in 1991 when Bucky
killed the two people to get the
super-soldier formula that the two
people he killed were Starks parents the
enraged stark attacks
Bucky and a Captain America and a big
fight breaks out Bucky loses his arm and
Starks armor is disabled
Captain America having defeated star
leaves with the injured Bucky leaving
his shield behind Zemo satisfied that he
broke the Avengers apart attempt suicide
but is stopped by black panther as the
film begins to wrap up stark has shown
helping war machine with an exoskeletal
leg brace that allows him to walk again
Captain America breaks the captive
Avengers out of jail during a
mid-credits scene we see black panther
has forgiven Bucky and gives him asylum
and puts him into cryostasis until they
can reverse his brainwashing in a
post-credits scene we see spider-man
testing out a new gadget from stark with
the phrase spider-man will return on
screen film opens in Nepal where we see
the sorcerer Elias and his elet's
entering into the secret compound Kimura
Taj and they behead its librarian they
steal a few pages from an ancient text
belonging to the ancient one a
long-lived sorcerer who taught every
student at Kumar Taj including Callias
in the mystic arts the ancient one
pursues the traders but they escape in
New York an acclaimed neurosurgeon
Stephen strange is badly injured in a
car accident and is now unable to
operate fellow surgeons and his former
lover Christine Palmer try to convince
him to move on but strange pursues
experimental surgeries to heal his hands
strange learns of a paraplegic man who
mysteriously now has full use of his
legs strange is directed to kamar Tosh
where he is taken in by Mordo a sorcerer
under the ancient one the ancient one
demonstrates her powers too strange
revealing that there are a variety of
dimensions such as the mirror dimension
she agrees to train strange though his
arrogance reminds her of Callias strange
excels very quickly regaining use in his
hands
studying under the ancient one in Mordo
and reading ancient books from the
library guarded by master Wang strange
learns that Earth is protected from
other dimensions by three buildings
called sanctum with their locations
being in New York London
in Hong Kong all of which are accessible
through Kumar Taj it is the job of the
sorcerer is to protect the sanctums
strange reads from the same book that
kailia stole from learning to bend time
using the eye of agamotto Mordo and Wong
warned strange against breaking the laws
of nature comparing it to que haces
desire for eternal life Kaylee's uses
the stolen pages to contact a powerful
being Dormammu of the dark dimension
where time is non-existent Helius and
his forces destroy the London sanctum in
order to weaken Earth's protection they
then attack the New York sanctum killing
off its guardian
what strange is able to hold them off
using the cloak of levitation until
Mordo and the ancient one arrive Mordo
and stranger become disillusioned
however by the ancient one as they
discover that she has been using
forbidden magic from the Dark Dimension
to give her eternal life Kayleigh as' is
able to mortally wound the ancient one
and escapes to Hong Kong the ancient one
then tells strange that he too will have
to bend the laws of nature in order to
feed chaos strange in mirto arrived in
Hong Kong to find master Wong dead and
the sanctum destroyed with a Dark
Dimension taking over Earth strange uses
the eye of agamotto to reverse time and
is able to save Wong and then strange
enters into the Dark Dimension to face
Dormammu he creates an infinite time
loop with derma model with Dormammu
being unable to escape after killing
strange several times and still unable
to break the time loop Dormammu agrees
to leave earth and take Kay leus and his
followers with him in order to break the
time loop Marta was disgusted with
strange for breaking the laws of nature
and leaves strange returns the eye of
agamotto touka Marta and moves to the
New York sanctum to continue his studies
in a mid-credits scene we see strange
helping Thor who brought his brother
Loki to earth in order to search for
their father and Louden the scene is
actually directly from the new Thor
Ragnarok film in the post-credits scene
we see moral confronting the former
paralyzed man stating that Earth has too
many Sorcerer's hinting that Mordo might
become the next villain
[Music]
the film opens with Aisha the leader of
the sovereign race having the guardians
of the galaxy protecting her valuable
batteries from a massive monster in
exchange for Kimora's sister nebula who
was caught trying to steal the same
batteries
however rocket steals some of the
batteries for himself and the sovereign
attacks the guardianship with a fleet of
drones the drones are destroyed by a
mysterious ship however and they crashed
on a nearby planet a man from the
mysterious ship reveals himself to be
Peter Quill's father named ego and
invites quill Gomorrah and Drax to his
home planet while rocket and Groot
repair their ship in guard nebula yondu
and his crew are hired by the sovereign
to recapture the Guardians
yondu and his crew had been kicked out
of the Ravinder community for child
trafficking primarily referring to how
he trafficked Peter as a child they
capture rocket but yondu hesitates to
turn over quill and then yondu's
lieutenant taser face leads a mutiny
with the help of nebula after succeeding
taser face takes over and nebula leaves
to find and kill her sister Gamora
rocketing yondu bond and with the help
of Groot and crackling a yondu loyalist
they are freed and destroy the ship
but taser face is able to warn the
sovereign we transition to find that ego
is a god-like being known as a celestial
who manipulated matter around his
consciousness to create a home planet he
also created a humanoid form where he
can project his consciousness in order
to travel the universe and while doing
so he fell in love with quills mother
meredith eventually leading to her
pregnancy upon her death eagle hired
yondu to collect quill to bring him to
the planet but quill was never delivered
nebula arrives at egos planet to try to
kill Gamora but they come to an uneasy
alliance once they discover a cave
filled with skeletons ego then reveals
to quill that he actually planted
seedlings across the world which he can
terraform into new extensions of himself
but can only be activated by two
Celestials he impregnated thousands of
women and had yondu collect all of their
offspring in hopes that they would
fulfill the role of the second celestial
when they failed ego killed them
explaining the cave filled with
skeletons
under egos influence quill is forced to
help him activate the seedlings which
begin to consume every world but quill
fights back when ego reveals that he
actually killed quills mother due to the
distraction that she posed mantis he
goes empathic servant grows close to
Drax and warns him of egos plans Gamora
and nebula lured of the plan as well
just as rocket yondu Groot and crag land
arrive the sovereign drones also pursue
them as the guardians tried to destroy
egos brain house in the planets core
rocket makes a bomb using the stolen
sovereign batteries and group plants the
bomb on the brain quill uses his
newfound celestial power against ego
distract him long enough for the other
Guardians and mantis to escape the bomb
explodes killing ego and disintegrating
the planet
yondu sacrifices himself in order to
save quill quill realizes that yondu
kept him hidden for so many years to
protect him from being killed by ego and
quill accepts yonder was his true father
figure
nebula chooses to leave and to try to
kill her father Thanos by herself the
guardians and several Ravinder groups
have a funeral for yondu acknowledging
his sacrifice and accepting him as a
Ravager again in both the mid and end
scene credits we see several things
including cracklin trying to use yondu's
telekinetic arrow
Ravinder leaders to caro board reuniting
with his ex teammates roots starting to
grow back to his normal size acting like
a stereotypical teenager aisha creating
a new artificial being to destroy the
guardians named Adam and lastly Stanley
talking to a group of Watchers about his
experiences on earth following the
events of the first Avengers film Adrian
Toomes in his salvage company acquired
alien technology which they decide to
make into illegal weapons we transition
to eight years later where we find Peter
Parker already having worked with the
Avengers now going to school and
frustrated that he is not a full-time
Avenger
Peter quits his school to academic
decathlon team to focus on
crime-fighting as spider-man one night
however Peters best friend Ned learns of
Peters secret identity Peter also
encounters tombs associate Jackson Bryce
aka the Shocker and Hermann Schulz who
are selling weapons to a
Oh criminal name Aaron Davis Peter saves
- Davis when a fight breaks out but
Peter is attacked by Toombs who is in a
large a vulture like flight suit which
is the classic spider-man villain the
vulture Peter is rescued by Tony Stark
who is monitoring the spider-man suit
which stark bill and warns against Peter
getting involved with these criminals
anymore
later tooms kills Bryce and Schultz
becomes the new shocker
Peter and Ned's study the weapon left
behind by tooms crew and remove its
Power Core Peter is able to track the
criminals to Maryland so he hitches a
ride with his Decathlon team which are
travelling to Washington DC for their
tournament Peter and Ned are able to
disable the spider-man suits
tracker and enable the suits more
advanced features Peter tries to stop
tombs from stealing from a weapons
convoy but is trapped inside one of the
trucks and is locked in a secure
facility for the night
which causes him to miss the decathlon
tournament Peter discovers that the
Power Core the net is still carrying has
become unstable and leads to the whole
decathlon being trapped in an elevator
when the core explodes
Peter rushes in and saves his classmate
including his crush Liz back in New York
City Peter meets with a criminal Davis
that was seen earlier to find out tombs
location he arrives in the Staten Island
Ferry and Peter attempts to stop tombs
but the ferry is cut in half when a
weapon malfunctions and tooms escapes
stark arrives to save the passenger and
then berate speeder for his actions and
takes his suit Peter returns to school
and asked Liz to come with him to the
homecoming dance on the night of the
dance he learns that Liz's dad as tombs
tombs figures out that Peter is really
spider-man and threatens Peter if he
tries to intervene with his plans Peter
realizes that tombs plans to attack the
plane transporting weapons from the
Avengers Tower
Peter Don's his homemade spider-man suit
and intercepts the plane while fighting
tombs and it crashes on a beach they
continue fighting
Peter saves tombs his life from a deadly
explosion and then ties up tombs for the
police to find him after her father's
arrest lives moves away and Peter
declines an invitation to become a
full-time Avenger in favor of being a
student and a neighborhood superhero we
also find out that one of his classmates
who's been teasing him throughout the
film
actually goes by the nickname MJ hinting
at a possible girlfriend and love
interest Sark also gives Peter back his
suit which Ambe walks in just as he's
putting on discovering Peters superhero
identity in a mid credit scene we see
Toombs in prison being questioned about
spider-man's real identity but tooms
denies knowing anything about his secret
[Music]
two years after the Battle of sokovia
Thor has been unsuccessfully searching
for the Infinity stones and is now
imprisoned by the fire demon Surtur
search her reveals that Thor's father
Odin is no longer in Asgard and that it
will soon be destroyed in the
prophesized Ragnarok once Surtur unites
his crown with the eternal flame that
burns in Odin's vol Thor defeat search
her and claims his crown believing that
he has prevented Ragnarok Thor returns
to Asgard to find his brother Loki
posing as Odin Thor forces Loki to help
him find their father and with the
directions of dr. Steven strange on
earth they locate Odin and Norway Odin
explains that he is dying and his
passing will allow his firstborn child
hella to escape from the prison that she
was sealed in long ago hella had been
the leader of Asgard's army and
conquered the nine realms with Odin but
Odin imprisoned her fearing that she had
become too powerful
Odin dies and hella is released she
destroys Thor's hammer and when Loki and
Thor attempt to flee through the Bifrost
bridge she pursues them and forces them
out into space
hello arise in Asgard destroying its
army and killing its warrior three she
resurrects the ancient dead who once
fought with her including her giant wolf
Fenris and appoints the Asgardian
scourge as her executioner she plans to
use the Bifrost to expand as bird's
empire but Heimdall steals the sword
that controls the bridge and hides it
away with the rest of the citizens
Thor crash lands on Sekar a garbage
planet surrounded by wormholes a
slave-trader scrapper 1:42 subdues him
and sells him as a gladiator scars ruler
the Grand Master with whom Loki has
already come to no authorities one for
two is one of the Valkyrie are a
legendary force of female warriors who
were killed defending Asgard from hella
a long time ago
Thor is forced to compete in the grand
Astra's contest of Champions facing an
enraged Hulk Thor gets the upper hand on
Hulk
but the Grandmaster sabotages the fight
to ensure Hulk's victory still enslaved
Thor tries to convince Hulk in 1:42 to
help him save Asgard but neither are
willing he manages to escape and finds
the jet that brought the Hulk to Sekar
Hulk follows Thor to the jet where a
recording of natasha romanoff makes him
transform into Bruce Banner for the
first time since sokovia the Grandmaster
orders 142 and Loki to find Thor and
Hulk but Loki forces her to relive the
deaths of her fellow Valkyrie at the
hands of Helena deciding to help Thor
she takes Loki captive unwilling to be
left behind
Loki provides the group with the means
to steal one of the Grandmaster ships
they then also liberate the other
gladiators who start a revolution
Loki attempts to betrays brother again
but Thor anticipates it and leaves him
behind Thor
banner and 142 escape through the
wormhole to Asgard where hellas forces
are attacking the citizens for the sword
that controls the Bifrost banner becomes
the Hulk again fighting Fenris while
Thor and 142 battle scourge and the
resurrected warriors Loki and the Siq
are gladiators arrived to help and the
Asgardian citizens board their ship
feeling regretful scourge sacrifices
himself to allow their escape
Thor facing hella losses his right eye
and then has a vision of Odin that helps
him realize that only Ragnarok can stop
her while hella is distracted Loki
locates satyrs crown and places it into
the eternal flame searchers were born
and destroys Asgard seemingly killing
hella
as the foam concludes thor the crowned
king decides to take the rest of the
Asgardian citizens to Earth in a
mid-credits scene we see that they are
intercepted by a large spacecraft
presumably owned by Thanos
in a post-credits scene the Grandmaster
encounters a group of former subjects
who are still rebelling
Black Panther so let's get started
centuries ago five African tribes war
over a meteorite containing the metal
vibranium one warrior ingests a heart
shape herb affected by the metal and
gained superhuman abilities becoming the
first Black Panther he unites all the
tribes except the Jabari to form the
nation of Wakanda though Condon's use
the vibranium to develop advanced
technology and isolate themselves from
the rest of the world
posing as a third world nation in 1992
King to chaka visits his brother Nagy
Abu who is working undercover in Oakland
California takaka accuses new Jobu of
assisting black market arms dealer
ulysses klaw with stealing vibranium for
makanda 'no Joe whose partner reveals
that he is actually Zuri another
undercover wakandan and confirms to
chacas suspicions in present day
following to chacas death his son to
Chawla
returns to Wakanda to assume the throne
he and Ikoyi the leader of the Dora
mulashi regimen extract Nakia
T'Challa sex love from an undercover
assignment so she can attend his
coronation ceremony along with his
mother Amanda and his younger sister
Cherie at the ceremony the jabari tribes
leader baku challenges to Chawla for the
crown in a ritual combat the Chawla
defeats in Baku and persuades him to
yield rather than to die in the combat
after Klaw and Eric Stephens steal OA
Condon artifact from a museum will copy
the chalice friend and a coil of urges
him to bring claw back dead or alive
T'Challa Ocoee and Nakia traveled to
South Korea where Klaw plans to sell the
artifact to CIA agent Everett K Ross a
firefight erupts and claw attempts to
flee but is caught by a attache allah
who reluctantly releases him into Ross's
custody eric attacks and extracts Klaw
as Ross is severely injured protecting
Nakia rather than pursue cloth T'Challa
takes Ross to Wakanda where their
technology can save his life while Shuri
heals Ross T'Challa confront Zuri Zuri
explains that in the Jobu plan to share
what Condon technology with people of
African descent
around the world to help them conquer
their oppressors
Takako was arresting a Jobu back in 1992
the Jobu attack Zuri was forced to chaka
to kill me Joe boo to choco ordered Zuri
to lie that no Joe boo had disappeared
and left behind his American son Eric in
order to maintain the live Eric became a
u.s. black op soldier adopting the name
kill monger meanwhile Eric kills claw
and takes his body to Wakanda he is
brought before the tribal elders
revealing his identity and claim to the
throne
Eric aka kill monger challenges Chawla
and ritual combat after killing Zuri he
defeats T'Challa and hurls him over a
waterfall after ingesting the
heart-shaped herb Eric orders the rest
of the powerful fruit to be burned but
Nakia is able to steal one Erik
supported by a copy in his army prepares
to distribute shipments of all condon
weapons to operatives around the world
Nakia Shuri remonda and Ross flee to the
Javari tribe for aid they find a
comatose T'Challa rescued by the Jabari
in repayment from Baku's life healed by
nakiya's erb2 Chawla returns to fight
kill mugger who is now wearing his own
suit and commands will copy in his army
to attack T'Challa Shuri
Nakia and the doora mulashi joined to
Chawla while Ross remotely pilots a jet
to fight and shoot down planes carrying
vibranium weapons mbaku and the Jabari
tribe arrived to reinforce T'Challa
confronted by Ocoee while kabhi and his
army stand down fighting in wakandans
vibranium mine T'Challa disrupts kill
monger suit and stabs him kill monger
refuses to be healed choosing to die a
free man rather than be incarcerated
T'Challa decides that kill monger had
some valid points and they do need to
extend themselves into the outside world
creating a Outreach Center building in
California where new Jobu died in a
mid-credits scene we see Chawla appears
before the United Nations to reveal that
wakandans true nature to the world
in a post-credits scene sure he helps
Bucky Barnes with his recuperation
the film opens with feyo's taking the
power stone from the planets and our in
Thanos and his lieutenants having
intercepted the spaceship carrying the
Asgardian survivors from the end of thor
ragnarok vanos obtains the tesseract
after fighting Thor and Hulk and kills
Loki the Hulk is sent to earth and
Thanos uses the space stone inside the
tesseract to open a portal before
destroying the ship and the Asgardians
the Hulk arrives in New York back in the
form of Bruce Banner he warns dr.
strange Wong and Tony Stark about Thanos
two of Thanos lieutenants AB aneema and
cull obsidian arrive on earth to obtain
the time stone from Doctor Strange the
capture dr. strange and leave earth with
spider-man and Tony Stark sneaking
aboard in Scotland Thanos's other
lieutenants Proxima midnight and Corvus
glaive attacked the Scarlet Witch and
vision to get the mine stone from
visions 4head captain america Black
Widow and Falcon intervene and they meet
up with war machine and banner back at
the avengers headquarters the decided
vision should go to Wakanda to have his
mine stone removed so that they can
destroy it before Thanos can get it the
film transitions to the guardians of the
galaxy responding to distress call and
rescuing Thor together they try to stop
vanos from getting the reality stone
from the collector on nowhere while
rocket and Groot travel with Thor to go
create a battle-axe that is capable of
defeating Thanos they are unable to stop
Thanos however and he kidnaps Gamora
Thanos course is the location of the
soul stone from Gamora by torturing
gomorrah's adoptive sister nebula Thanos
and Gamora travel to Boromir where they
are met by Red Skull the keeper of the
soul stone he informs them that Thanos
must sacrifice someone he loves for the
stone and Fano skills Gamora for the
soul stone nebula escapes and gets the
Guardians to meet her on Thanos his
homeworld of Titan Stark and spider-man
rescue strange also landing on Titan
where they meet up with the Guardians
they form a plan to remove fantasies
Infinity Gauntlet and Doctor Strange
uses his time stone to view all possible
outcomes of the situation seeing only
one
ability where Thanos loses Thanos
arrives and they are nearly able to
remove his glove but quill becomes
enraged when he learns of Kimora's death
and Thanos is able to gain the upper
hand
Thanos nearly kills Stark but dr.
strange is able to spare him by giving
up the time stone later saying that this
is the only way that they could possibly
win in Wakanda Captain America meets up
with Bucky before Thanos attacks the
combined Avengers along with black
panther and local Condon's all fight
while Shuri tries to remove the mine
stone from vision but it's unsuccessful
banner unable to transform has to wear
the Hulkbuster armor Thanos arrives and
vision has the Scarlet Witch destroy the
stone which in turn kills him however
fan OHS is able to reverse time using
the time stone plucks the stone from
visions forehead and kills him all over
again Thor is able to severely wound
aniss but it fails to kill him Thanos
snaps his fingers and half the universe
is turned to ash immediately including
Bucky black panther Groot Scarlet Witch
Falcon mantis Drax quill Doctor Strange
and spider-man as the film concludes we
see fan OHS watching a sunrise from
another planet in a mid-credits scene we
see both Maria Hill and Nick Fury are
turned to ash
but they are able to send a message out
to warn Captain Marvel
the movie takes place two years after
Scott Lang aka ant-man was put on house
arrest for his actions in the Civil War
movie
Hank Pym and his daughter hope briefly
opened a tunnel to the quantum realm
where they believed hopes mother Janet
has been trapped since 1987 when Lang
went to the quantum realm in ant-man one
he had knowingly connected with Janet
and has been receiving messages from her
line contacts Pym and hope about Janet
and they kidnapped him when he only has
days left on his house arrest believing
the decoy as to not arouse suspicion
from FBI agent Jimmy woo they worked to
build a way to reach Janet to retrieve
her while trying to buy parts they are
double-crossed by a black market dealer
and hope puts on the wasp outfit
fighting off the black market dealers
men but they are attacked by an unstable
mass ghosts woman who steals the shrunk
down lab of PIM PIM visits his estranged
former partner bill foster to help them
locate the lab where they are captured
by the ghost revealing her identity to
be Avis star Ava's parents another
former partner of Pym died during an
experiment that caused Ava's unstable
state foster has been helping Ava
planning to cure her with Janet's
quantum energy Pym refuses believing
that this will kill Janet and the trio
escape they are able to contact Janet
who gives them the precise location to
find her but warning that they only have
a short window to get to her agent woo
almost catches Lange violating his house
rest but instead PIM and hope are
arrested as they have been at large for
some time allowing Ava
to take the shrunk down lab liang is
able to help them escape and they are
able to recover the lab pim enters the
realm to retrieve janet but they are
attacked by the dealer and his men
allowing Ava to get to Janet's energy
lang is helped by his friends from the
first film Pym and Janet returned to the
quantum realm and give Ava some of her
energy to stabilize Ava temporarily as
the film concludes Lang returns home and
is released from his house arrest and
Ava and foster go into hiding during a
mid-credits scene we see them trying to
harvest quantum energy to help Ava
remain stable while Lang is in the
quantum realm though Pym Janet and hope
all disintegrate due to the fan OSes
snapping leaving him trapped in the
quantum
in another scene we see a giant ant
playing the drums as we see the world
has been affected by the snap inning so
that was the spoilers for all the Marvel
films leading up to endgame if you have
another film you'd like to see us spoil
please let us know in the comments below
check out movie's spoiler alerts on
Instagram and remember to like and
subscribe thanks for watching
[Music]